This is a short set of documentation on how events are written, going field by field it explains what a field is for and how it should be formatted.

id - This is an integer value that will be used in code to refer to a given event. That way, if the name or order of events in the file should change, the reference can remain intact.

name - This is a string containing the name of the event (to be shown on screen).

text - This is a string containing the body text of the event (to be shown on screen).

icon - This is an integer value cooresponding with the image to be shown onscreen with the event.

priority - This is an integer value representing how important the given event is (eg. how likely it is that the event will show up next in the queue).
	0 : Weighted half as likely
	1 : Basic weighting,
	2 : Weighted twice as high as 1, but not guaranteed.
	3 : Weighted four times as high as 1, but not guaranteed.
	4 : Guaranteed next unless there is another 4 or a 5
	5 : Guaranteed next unless there is another 5

nameN - This is a string containing the name of the choice N (to be shown on screen).

textN - This is a string containing the body text of the choice N (to be shown on screen).

condN - This is a string containing the condition types that need to be met in order to select choice N. Can be seperated by commas for multiple conditions.
	Y==X : Condition is checking if stat X is equal to Y. 
	Y>=X : Condition is checking if stat X is greater than or equal to Y. 
	Y<=X : Condition is checking if stat X is less than equal to Y. 
	Y>X : Condition is checking if stat X is greater than to Y. 
	Y<X : Condition is checking if stat X is less than to Y. 
	Y?X : Check if upgrade X is true (1) or false (0)

actionN - This is a string containing the action that will be taken when choice N is selected.
	X=Y : Set stat X to value Y
	X+Y : Add value Y to stat X
	X? : Unlock the upgrade with ID X
	X@ : Add event X to the event queue
	X* : Remove event Y from the event queue (if it exists)
